# Odood Directory Structure

Odood directory structure is similat to that one for [odoo-helper-scripts](https://github.com/katyukha/odoo-helper-scripts),
so most users of `odoo-helper-scripts` will not notice that changes. 

Odood project root directory contains following folders:
- `backups` - directory for backups generated by `odood db backup` command
- `conf` - directory for configurations used by this odood project. Usualy contains two files: one for normal local config and one that is used to run tests
    - `odoo.conf` - main configuration used by default
    - `odoo.test.conf` - configuration used to run tests, usualy have different port then `odoo.conf`, and does not specify logfile, thus all log messages will be written to stderr and thus catched by `odood` test runner
- `custom_addons` - directory for all addons that are not part of Odoo. Usualy contains only *symlinks* to addons.
- `data` - Odoo data directory used to store files and sessions
- `downloads` - Directory contains addons downloaded directly from [Odoo Market](https://apps.odoo.com/apps).
- `odoo` - Odoo source code downloaded from github.
- `repositories` - This directories is designed to store git repositories that contain additional (non-standard) odoo addons.
- `venv` - [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/) directory
- `odood.yml` - configuration for this odood project.

Optional directories:
- `assembly` - if project is configured to use assembly, this directory will contain assembly repository.
- `cache` - this directory is designed to contain various caches. For example, git sources defined in assembly spec, will be clonned in cache, and reused for next sync operations. 

